2000与2001年的文档内容的格式情况

2000 年全国硕士研究生招生考试英语试题（不统计）

Section I Use of English（考试提示信息，不统计）
Directions: （考试提示信息，不统计）
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A, B, 
C or D on the ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points) （考试提示信息，不统计）

完形填空的正文（统计，注意去掉中的数字，挖空标注）
完形填空选项（统计，但是注意去掉题号，以及A,B,C,D这四个选项标注）

Section II Reading Comprehension（考试提示信息，不统计）
Part A （考试提示信息，不统计）
Directions: （考试提示信息，不统计）
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or 
D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points) （考试提示信息，不统计）

Text 1(考试提示信息，不统计)
阅读正文（正文内容，统计）
阅读题目以及选项（题目以及选项，统计，但是注意去掉题号，以及A,B,C,D这四个选项标注）
...
...
...
Text 5
(考试提示信息，不统计)
阅读正文（正文内容，统计）
阅读题目以及选项（题目以及选项，统计，但是注意去掉题号，以及A,B,C,D这四个选项标注）

Part B (考试提示信息，不统计)
Directions: (考试提示信息，不统计)
Read the following passage carefully and then translate the underlined segments into 
Chinese. Your translation must be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (15 points) (考试提示信息，不统计)

翻译正文（统计，但是注意去掉数字）

Section III Writing (考试提示信息，不统计)
46. Directions: (考试提示信息，不统计)

Among all the worthy feelings of mankind, love is probably the noblest, but everyone 
has his/her own understanding of it. 
There has been a discussion recently on the issue in a newspaper. Write an essay to the 
newspaper to 
1) show your understanding of the symbolic meaning of the picture below, 
2) give a specific example, and 
3) give your suggestion as to the best way to show love. 
You should write about 200 words neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (20 points) （题目信息，统计）

2002到2004年
基本与2000到2001年类似，只不过阅读部分只有4篇文章，少了一篇文章

2005到2026
多了七选五，排序，小标题等题型，
Part B 
Directions: 
In the following text, some sentences have been removed. For Questions 41-45, choose the 
most suitable one from the list A-G to fit into each of the numbered blanks. There are two 
extra choices, which do not fit in any of the gaps. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 
1. (10 points)

Part C 
Directions: 
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. 
Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10 points) 

这是与之前不同的考试提示信息，同之前一样，这些考试提示信息不计入统计，

此外作文部分变为了
Section III Writing （不统计）

Part A （不统计）
51. Directions: （不统计）
Two months ago you got a job as an editor for the magazine Designs & Fashions. But 
now you find that the work is not what you expected. You decide to quit. Write a letter to 
your boss, Mr. Wang, telling him your decision, stating your reason (s), and making an 
apology. （统计）
Write your letter with no less than 100 words. Write it neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. 
Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter; use “Li Ming” instead. You do not need 
to write the address. (10 points) （统计，忽略掉数字等信息）

 

Part B （不统计）
52. Directions: （不统计）
Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following drawing. In your essay, you 
should first describe the drawing, then interpret its meaning, and give your comment on it. 
You should write neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (20 points) （统计，忽略掉数字等信息）


最后还有一些水印信息 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn （忽略）
页码信息，（忽略）
